now to explain how it works
so you may have seen a video I posted
recently about secret bed entrances
although the problem with it was that it
wasn't set up in a way that it could be
really used in an adventure map so I
took another look at it and I made it
bit more adventure about friendly so
basic how this works is when you sleep
in the bed that creates your new spawn
point you can either spawn in either of
the corner blocks like these or all of
you Jason blocks but we've blocked them
off and there's a preference so yellow
comes first then red then blue in green
that's the preference of the bed so if I
was sleep in the bed I'd wake up the
yellow on both the yellow one was
blocked then I'd wake up in the red one
Red Rock to wake up in the blue one etc
so basically this works is when you hit
one of their switches it will obstruct
this morning point so if I were to die
now I'm going to read a bit and if I can
the red bit and activate this that will
obstruct the red and then I'll go to new
and etc so it's quite simple to
implement the only sort of downside to
it is because is you know they're quite
near to each other but that's not too
much of a problem and I think it's quite
a nifty way to go about making a room a
syringe app so yeah it disinterested to
you know feel free to use it it's quite
it's quite a different way to do things
no just a linear where you were your
things
you